nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/utils/Tools.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.utils.Tools
customfonts/MyTextView_Circularstd_Medium.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_Circularstd_Medium
customfonts/Button_sfuitext_regular.java
 customfonts.Button_sfuitext_regular
customfonts/MyListView.java
 customfonts.MyListView
customfonts/MyGridView.java
 customfonts.MyGridView
customfonts/MyEditText.java
 customfonts.MyEditText
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/utils/Constanta.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.utils.Constanta
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.utils.Constanta$Message
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.utils.Constanta$Url
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.utils.Constanta$Values
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/adapter/PokemonAdapter.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.adapter.PokemonAdapter
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.adapter.PokemonAdapter$1
customfonts/EditText_Roboto_Bold.java
 customfonts.EditText_Roboto_Bold
customfonts/MyTextView_SFUIText_Medium.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_SFUIText_Medium
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/BuildConfig.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.BuildConfig
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/data/StatsData.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.data.StatsData
customfonts/MyTextView_Montserrat_Regular.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_Montserrat_Regular
customfonts/EditText_Roboto_Italic.java
 customfonts.EditText_Roboto_Italic
customfonts/EditText_Roboto_Light.java
 customfonts.EditText_Roboto_Light
customfonts/MyTextView_sfuitext_regular.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_sfuitext_regular
customfonts/MyTextView.java
 customfonts.MyTextView
customfonts/MyTextView_Circularstd_Bold.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_Circularstd_Bold
customfonts/Button_SF_Pro_Display_Medium.java
 customfonts.Button_SF_Pro_Display_Medium
customfonts/MyTextView_SF_Pro_Display_Bold.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_SF_Pro_Display_Bold
customfonts/SFUIText_semibold.java
 customfonts.SFUIText_semibold
customfonts/CustomVideoView.java
 customfonts.CustomVideoView
 customfonts.CustomVideoView$PlayPauseListener
customfonts/MyTextView_Circularstd_Book.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_Circularstd_Book
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/data/PokemonData.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.data.PokemonData
customfonts/MyTextView_Montserrat_Light.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_Montserrat_Light
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/activity/PokeListActivity.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.PokeListActivity
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.PokeListActivity$1
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.PokeListActivity$2
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.PokeListActivity$3
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.PokeListActivity$3$1
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.PokeListActivity$4
customfonts/MyTextView_SF_Pro_Display_Light.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_SF_Pro_Display_Light
customfonts/ScrollingToolbarBehavior.java
 customfonts.ScrollingToolbarBehavior
customfonts/TextViewSFProDisplayRegular.java
 customfonts.TextViewSFProDisplayRegular
customfonts/Button_Roboto_Regular.java
 customfonts.Button_Roboto_Regular
customfonts/EditText_SFUI_Regular.java
 customfonts.EditText_SFUI_Regular
customfonts/EditText__SF_Pro_Display_Regular.java
 customfonts.EditText__SF_Pro_Display_Regular
customfonts/MyTextView_SF_Pro_Display_Medium.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_SF_Pro_Display_Medium
customfonts/MyTextView_Roboto_Italic.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_Roboto_Italic
customfonts/EditText_Roboto_Meidum.java
 customfonts.EditText_Roboto_Meidum
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/helper/DatabaseHandler.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.helper.DatabaseHandler
customfonts/MyTextView_SF_Pro_Display_Semibold.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_SF_Pro_Display_Semibold
customfonts/Button_Roboto_Medium.java
 customfonts.Button_Roboto_Medium
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/MainActivity.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.MainActivity
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/adapter/StatsAdapter.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.adapter.StatsAdapter
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/activity/SplashActivity.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.SplashActivity
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.SplashActivity$1
customfonts/EditText__SF_Pro_Display_Medium.java
 customfonts.EditText__SF_Pro_Display_Medium
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/api/Service.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.api.Service
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/activity/MyPokeListActivity.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.MyPokeListActivity
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.MyPokeListActivity$1
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.MyPokeListActivity$2
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.MyPokeListActivity$3
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.MyPokeListActivity$4
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.MyPokeListActivity$5
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.MyPokeListActivity$6
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/activity/PokeDetailActivity.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.PokeDetailActivity
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.PokeDetailActivity$1
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.PokeDetailActivity$2
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.PokeDetailActivity$3
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.activity.PokeDetailActivity$4
nopriadi/dedi/pokemon/api/Client.java
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.api.Client
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.api.Client$1
 nopriadi.dedi.pokemon.api.Client$CallBackRequest
customfonts/TextView_Helvetica_Neue_bold.java
 customfonts.TextView_Helvetica_Neue_bold
customfonts/MyTextView_Circularstd_Black.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_Circularstd_Black
customfonts/EditText_Roboto_Regular.java
 customfonts.EditText_Roboto_Regular
customfonts/HelveticaNeueCondObl.java
 customfonts.HelveticaNeueCondObl
customfonts/MyTextView_Roboto_Regular.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_Roboto_Regular
customfonts/MyTextView_Pristina.java
 customfonts.MyTextView_Pristina
customfonts/EditText__SF_Pro_Display_Light.java
 customfonts.EditText__SF_Pro_Display_Light
